after reddit's excellent work selecting
the LG Wing as my daily driver phone we
decided to ask for their help again oh
but this time thankfully it's not for me
you see I need to build a PC for my boss
something worthy of the CEO of lus media
and Tong Linus's face all over
everything no ooh the all chrome and
gold PC I like the way you guys think
and so did C Sonic who is sponsoring
today's video we're going to be using
their focus px850 power supply the same
one that we trust for our commoner work
machines and we're going to be powering
the most blinged out shiny system
possible but why did it take so long to
start the build you ask well because we
were waiting for a one of one case to
arrive which I've been told absolutely
needs the white glove treatment oh my
God
[Music]
funnily enough we were actually
introduced to Sinister cases by Taran
himself when he emailed me their website
and was like hey these look pretty cool
what he probably had in mind was that we
would unbox it on short circuit or
something but uh he must be new here we
reached out to them and they were
excited to not only send us the first
unit made out of 7075 aluminum off their
5 AIS Mill giving it this super high
polish look but they even went the extra
mile and engraved it with his name so
that he can get rid of that tacky paper
name tag that all the commoners have to
have now if I had to critique the
product I would say it's a little
impractical and the packaging could
definitely be better but come on guys
let's be real this is more of an art
piece than it is a regular computer case
anyway and Jordan from Sinister does say
that they're working on the packaging so
let's get to building or rather
unbuilding you see the reason that we
told you guys that we didn't want any
hardware suggestions was that we plan to
actually deploy this thing so it needs
to use our validated Hardware meaning uh
it's time to prep Mr Tong's PC for
surgery this is a great opportunity then
to talk about what we use on a daily
basis starting with our CPU the Intel
Core i5 12600 K yeah it's a couple of
generations old but it's got six P cores
and four eor making it totally overkill
for email spreadsheets whatever it is
the CEO does so this days but the cooler
has got to go why you might ask I mean
that's a fair question the noct to nhu1
14s is chrom is already but the ice
block xpx Pro Aurora from alphacool is
far humbler sorry excuse me far chromer
everything else on our isus perart z690
creator board is staying the same
including including our 32 gigs of
trident Z5 ddr5 and our 1 TB crucial P5
plus Drive honestly I would actually
downgrade that SSD if there wasn't a
performance penalty because it has been
company policy for a very long time that
all data gets backed up to our redundant
network storage since local storage is
how data gets misplaced or lost now it's
time to actually assemble our case using
these things we can mount our GPU our
radiator and more to the back of the
back plate on our case which has
42 different mounting holes allowing us
to arrange our PC in a variety of cool
different exploded configurations now
7075 aluminum is a lightweight strong
material that's been used in the
Aerospace industry and in military
applications that allows us to mount
heavy components on these tiny little
arms it also happens to attract
fingerprints like an absolute so we need
to give it a thorough wipe down before
we give it to the big boss we don't want
him mad you wouldn't like him when he's
angry that's why NC is under no I'm just
joking stop laughing my question now is
how does this thing actually go together
because it's not obvious no thankfully
Sinister on their website has
instructions for each individual part as
well as the case as a whole the case as
a whole I thought it was a
frame well just follow the instructions
it's only like 100 pages long what I
actually don't know how long it is but
with all of the parts combined there's
definitely 100 pages every single
surface of what I assume is a foot has
its own individual peel on it this case
is Sinister oh my God you better carry
around a glove and a baseball with you
if you're going to have this thing in
the back of your car you want to take a
look at that
one
damn I can't wait till we hire a second
tan Tong and we need to get a second one
of these how many people are named Taran
in the world yeah not many not that oh
really I feel like it's common name
Jesus is a common name Taran is
definitely not would you say that more
people in the world are named Jesus than
Taran yeah yes really you mean would I
say isn't like they're only
one wait oh oh dude really precise laser
engraving that's not a laser oh that is
no way they that's an engraving bit in
the mill oh well that explains why it
looks so good the Precision of that fit
though do I even need screws look at
this that's pretty crazy that's how much
wiggle there is you could barely even
make out the scene wait I need a step
two is the other leg all right and you
need these plugs yeah so what's in that
bag nothing but
plugs and this goes on top there ah yeah
okay I see it and then we do two more of
those screws again
really what oh sorry I forgot to screw
you there you
go step three motherboard Mount yes oh
so this goes on only one way correct
screw me any day oh my god do you think
I could hang from this case oh don't do
it don't do it I'm doing it
oh The Next Step says it's the GPU but
we don't have to do that because that's
where these arms come in and we can put
it anywhere along so we could Mount the
motherboard next okay Dem some tall
standoff boys also only eight you can't
have the center
one oh well that worked out uh okay
never mind it's see it happens to be
exactly the same size as the socket for
the screwdriver and for a limited time
you can get 20% off your own ratcheting
screwdriver in this fun Retro Gaming
colorway all you've got to do is
purchase through the YouTube shopping
tag here on this video there's a limited
number of these discounts available
though so don't wait that looks gorgeous
oh wow we went Push Pull considering The
Pedestrian Hardware he's running that's
uh pretty overkilled next step is the
power button and that's where any one of
these holes can come in where do you
want to mount the power button uh I mean
it could be here sure or it could be
here sure where does this go
I guess we should plan our Loop order uh
we could just have fun with it sure Alex
could mount it wherever he likes where
would you like
it I'm so down so because of these arms
they have the I don't even know like 12
14 different mini holes around the main
hole you use these tiny little pins that
Alex is putting in and that's how you
can actually adjust it so you can have
like several different angles while
still keeping locked in
position that is crazy for the power
supply this case takes a similar
approach to some Mini ITX cases putting
it behind the motherboard so the octopus
of cables coming out of it is relatively
hidden and for our build we'll be using
the px850 from seic who is our sponsor
for the video today these have been
super reliable in our deployments and
they come with a 10-year warranty and
thanks to the modular interface we can
paare it with custom length silver
cables like these ones from cable mod
which is a pretty necessary step here
since this case clearly lacks anywhere
to hide the cables that do have to wrap
around to the
front a consideration I saw you guys
kind of sizing up this side for the
reservoir yes
um she's a little imba right
now what are the odds you want to put
that over there sure it's just an idea
it's a good idea yeah now normally one
of the cables we'd need is a 12volt high
power connector for our super fast GPU
except uh our standardized machines use
RTX
3050s which not only don't need a high
power connector they don't even need
liquid cooling but I mean come on
leaving this air cooled would just be
embarrassing that's why we took to
AliExpress to find was this the one 3050
block on the market this is from bixy
who apparently wasn't bothered by the
fact that you'd be far better off just
spending this money on a better GPU what
a freaking waste hopefully Teran doesn't
have to go all tech industry layoffs on
us to cover the
cost before I get the block on this
thing what are we thinking in terms of
location just freaking like I know know
out here or what I think it's going to
be wherever we can hide the Riser the
nicest oh we're not going to be able to
hide it where are you going come on over
here oh my God that looks so bad no put
it in the top one oh my then it's going
to cover all of this see I think that
one looks pretty good and realistically
do we need all x16 PCI Lanes it's a 3050
where do you want that I kind of want it
right where the power button is oh did
anyone ever actually verify that this
fits on
here this is a 360 block I told them to
or
oh moment please
there you go oh you just don't know how
to put a block on it actually is sitting
really far above the die
though maybe it just needs to be mashed
on yeah it's time for our PTM 7950 phase
change thermal pad available at LTT
store.com this stuff is super cool it's
a thermal pad that performs outstanding
even compared to pastes and probably the
best thing about it is its endurance
this is more of a commercial grade
product from Honeywell that's designed
for very very long-term applications hey
guys y what's up remember how I said
that this does fit after all yeah yeah
there's one surface mount component here
that is just a quarter of a millimeter
off see that y I have a solution oh you
just want to cut up the block yeah yeah
I mean that's not the sealed part sure
yeah it's fine okay you won't see it
[Music]
done
worse yeah
buddy okay what kind of angle Vibe are
you feeling here going to have to go in
the front there oh yep okay so kind of
like that right yeah heck yeah that
looks amazing how the are we going
to get these tubes
done uh with a a whole whole bunch of
these guys oh we're going to cheat just
heaps of those oh I love it maybe it
lines up
now look at
that it only took four adapters don't
tell the people they won't notice while
they work on that I'll be fixing
Elijah's ugly Cable Management it's fine
it's not fine it's you'll get fined what
it's fine wait are you allowed to use
power tools yeah you've let me use power
tools before is he allowed to use power
tools oh my God
[Applause]
[Music]
my hand is very
vibr how forever is this build uh
theoretically
forever
okay why do you ask because I'm about to
do some stuff oh my God 90 just already
in the tube awesome this has been really
fast yeah is that a thing in plastic
tubes as well I think so y you can buy
pre-bent ones we've just never done it
cuz we were like oh that's for cowards
man I've had my nose so close to it that
I haven't been able to appreciate how
it's shaping up this
is awesome this is very pretty wouldn't
pay that much for it but as a gift
certainly makes a statement please don't
fire me that's the statement right why
why' you glue this piece it's like $70
us this one little arm is $70 something
like that yeah and this plate is like
$200 for the machine time involved
that's not even outlandish yeah yes it's
expensive no it's not overpriced we've
had this conversation before LTT
store.com got him also by the way Elijah
your your tube wasn't in on either end
what yeah it was there's there's two
O-rings you need to be in the second one
too can we cut that
editor am I missing something here boys
something's leaking they missed a stop
and the
rad you doing okay over there bud just
looking for a C13 it's only an 850 watt
I don't need a C9 it's a good 850 WT
though oh yeah seic holy oh yeah we
haven't really shouted out seic much
seic good you think we want to recable
manage this when some power supply dies
no that's why we choose
seic this is the weirdest way to plug in
a display I've
ever it's like it's it's like you're
plugging into the monitor yeah monitor
experience holy man I can't wait for him
to see this and the
chair H I think it was
$1,000 oh we got $100 off though we
sweet talked them all right
parro oh my
God I freaking this looks so sick love
it that flow rate not super high it's a
lot of tubes a lot of bends
a lot of elevation change hey all right
okay let's go can't take that for
granted guys I can't wait to see the
look on his face this is sick oh my God
why is there people in
here wait who put the yeah who why do it
say Pope I want to do a few little
upgrades to it to surprise both Taran
but also Elijah who's the writer of this
video am I going to get like a like a in
Barber well no it's your gold throne for
a CEO it's worthy of a CEO it's a throne
we spent $1,000 of company money on
it why don't you have a seat it's in
really good condition oh oh did you just
put a fingerprint that was painstakingly
Polished by your servant does this turn
it weighs 150
lb comfortable oh my God it has a
built-in
footrest oh it's wibles I swear to God
this is this is not a barber chair it is
a barber chair a barber chair you know
with the complexity of your haircut that
you probably do yourself um we felt it
was appropriate excuse me if my wife
doesn't you talking about my wife no no
no um I've never met her oh she's great
you got your Chrome keyboard yeah the
are finger prints all over list yeah I
tried wiping it it's not coming off also
man are the these are not actually made
of these yes they are oh my God they are
not yes they are they're not it says on
their website this is not made of copper
it says on their website wa it's really
heavy yes these 16 key caps were like
$200 you haven't even looked at the
computer yet o so you can see there's
Engravings oh
wow oh it's a LTT yeah yeah but hold on
you got to look at the other side you
got to look at the other side is it me
on the wall hold on uh thankfully no oh
one one that's super sweet did we do the
house or do we even like Eng everything
Sinister cases did it for us need to
thank those guys
awesome can you figure out how to turn
it on you got it here here you can stand
up here hold on sorry oh my God it's so
heavy if we cut a hold this we can put
this in the washroom so so we have
a no I guarantee you there's something
that you haven't noticed about this yet
that is metal tubing uhhuh because the
theme of the build is chrome and gold
chrome and gold yeah that was what
Reddit felt was CEO themed very Mad Max
yeah yes which is timely yeah angry
Teran is what not Mad Max are you going
to try and find the power button yeah
that's a PCI Riser it's been a while
since he's worked in the computer review
industry ice to PC Riser the io
breakouts are here so it has to be TI
here I see bubbles in the loop who uh I
blame Elijah okay Try It Out Try It Out
take it for a test drive oh we should
probably help him move the chair again
that's all right no no we can no no no
no no no no that CEOs don't move the
their own chair not clear oh there we go
anything for our CEO this is awesome
that it has none of the things I need
for oh none of the things I need for
work but it has they got you linked in
here you want to boot up a game we got
rocket League Doom cyber Punk yeah you
can play cyber punk I can play cyk this
doesn't run really well on my computer
um no it doesn't and this is the exact
same Hardware you had before it's just
pretty H okay game crashed do you think
this is a bad example our CEO gaming at
work probably how many likes do we need
to get on this video to sell that as a
poster we should we should stock this as
I store.com yeah like how how many like
100,000 likes sure let's do it we should
we should do this kind of photo for all
our hosts or dark or dark Boards of
our capture both the haters and the
lovers Elijah we never told them the
price I don't know the exact because
each piece we used is slightly different
price depending on what you get I'll add
the to
here and let's react to it
whoa you work at a YouTube company now
you got to react a PC worthy of a CEO
truly Worthy